docs: Add Ping360 settings (#782)
bluerobotics/ping-viewer: docs/device-settings-ping360.md

![Ping360 Settings](/ping-viewer/images/viewer/ping360-settings.png)

## Menu Items

> - **Range:** Range control slider, performs the necessary sensor configuration for such distance range.

Reviewer: `**Range:** adjust the distance from the sonar to scan signals. Smaller ranges will scan faster as the receiver does not have to wait as long to receive a response. Changes to this setting will automatically adjust the transmit duration (advanced setting) for best performance in most applications.`

> - **Receiver Gain:** Adjust sensor sensitivity, between **low**, **medium** and **high**.

Reviewer: `**Receiver Gain:** Adjusts receiver sensitivity, choices are **low**, **medium** and **high**`

> - **Sector Angle:** Changes the scan angle range, helps to increase the scan time in specific areas.

Reviewer: '**Sector Angle:** Choose full 360 scan, or select a smaller area to scan directly in front of the sonar'

> - **Reset Settings:** Reset sensor configuration, the default values for sample and scan will be used after that.

Reviewer 2: what are `sample` and `scan` here?

Reviewer: "Reset the settings in this panel to their default configuration"

#### Advanced Settings

> Click the arrow on the Device Settings menu to access these advanced settings

- **Transmit Duration:** Manual selection of the emitted pulse duration. Can be used to change the power of the reflected signal.

> - **Transmit Frequency:** Changes the frequency of the emitted pulse. Helps to adjust properties based in the signal's frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Transmit Frequency:** control the acoustic frequency.
```

- **Speed if Sound:** The speed of sound to be used for distance calculations. This should be 1500 m/s in salt water, 1450 m/s in fresh water. (it's not possible to use Ping360 in air!)

> - **Angular Resolution:** Changes the step between each sample. Can be used to improve the scan in different sectors range with lowers resolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Angular Resolution:** Changes the step between each sample. Enables scanning a sector faster at the expense of a lower angular resolution.
```
